alright guys this is my newest addition
to my RC fleet this is the HP I sprint
to flex this is the one-tenth scale
touring car I guess it would be however
I am going to convert it into a drift
car eventually do a couple of mods and
obviously tires and wheels to get it up
to spec for a drift car I just want to
go through what all comes in the kit and
kind of what I've done so far I have not
run it yet but I will run it this
afternoon but so far obviously you got
the car right there it does come with
rubber tires so it does come with the H
guy I think they're called the X pattern
unbelted tires there is a three
millimeter offset on the front and then
the six has or the the rear has a six
millimeter offset so it has a little bit
more of a deep-dish look to it
body is fairly nice it does have these
are all stickers right here stickers all
the way around so you just probably
clean up the paint when it was painted
the wing looks a little bit ginormous
for the scale of vehicle quite a long
antenna and not too used to that was
some of my aid skull-fucking in the
short course deal and as far as the
inside pretty nice overall you do get
Dean's plugs out of the box this is not
the stock battery this is a two cell
style I PO just bought that yesterday
but overall nice appearance very nice
little orange anodized aluminum stuff
everywhere you got the shock caps the
little hinge pin holders there also the
entire motor mounts swing arm assembly
deal very native belt drive so we'll see
how that does for me other than that the
overall chassis is pretty nice it is all
plastic no aluminum there or carbon
fiber
body mounts are a little bit flexible so
I guess that's kind of good to a certain
extent nice foam bumper on the front
overall a nice build quality on the
underside of the chassis you'll see
right there you have the hole cut on
right there for the motor and the cutout
right there for the rear diff so nothing
gets caught underneath as far as the
battery tray of course it does come with
a nickel metal hydride battery this is
the plasma 3300 8.4 it's a seven cell
nickel metal hydride I did plug it in i
charged it and it's really slow so opted
for a two cell lipo went with the sky
lipo it's a five thousand milliamp 40c
continuous ADC burst I'll be running
that later on today hopefully that'll
pan out pretty good here are some other
things that it does come with it does
come with a Radio 2.4 gigahertz it's the
TF 40 lots of little buttons in there
that you have to kind of get in there
with a screwdriver to adjust throttle
dual rate steering a little bind button
right there
I had this have a third channel on/off
and then in here it's kind of weird it
has a France mode I guess if you're in
France you can set it to something so
anyways that's the remote pretty you
know offset little steering wheel there
anyways it does come with some parts
trees here not sure exactly what those
are tool bag and then it does give me
some looks like hub carriers possibly a
shock tower and some seat hubs for the
front so not too bad
it does come with a HP iRacing DVD comes
with of course a wall charger here which
will remain in the white box owner's
manual and I don't have the box out it's
already pretty much discarded so anyways
that is it I did pick up already some
drift tires these are the same exact
will is the will that it comes with
I just wanted to see with the offset and
that's only thing my shop had at the
time that matched the three in the front
the six in the rear so went with the
same deal but just I went with the
bridgestone potenza styled drifty drift
wheels or tires I'm sorry so anyways
those are gonna be going on later on and
pretty cool HPI marks on the center
we're monstera marks hopefully my camera
will focus six millimeter right there so
that's kind of cool I was kind of trying
to figure out how they marked them and
that's how they did it so anyways as far
as issues I've had so far out of the box
the radio was not bound to the car and
therefore I could not program the castle
ESC it calls for you know full throttle
back to full reverse and then back to
neutral
so since the radio wasn't bound it would
not program the ESC lots of issues
finally figured it all out the other
thing is there's no on/off switch on the
ESC you plug it in and it's on first
time I've ever had a car that didn't
have an on/off switch but anyways got it
all up and running I kind of didn't have
a choice I bought it on Friday evening
and messed with it all day Saturday to
try and get it up and running so anyways
that is the car I'm gonna go run it and
see how it does and I'll be doing some
more mod videos and hopefully some
running videos as well over now